hello everyone and welcome to yet
another video this time I will be
showing you all kinds of stuff to do
with the heirlooms for a line site this
time and basically starting off with
where to find the vendor so anyway when
you step outside of your level 3
garrison you will find this guy called
fix a small e Biggs wrench and basically
you just talk to him and accept the
quest mystery notebook Friday so now we
have run off to iron forge and basically
here we are if you look on the map top
right-hand corner Hall of Explorers
that's where you want to go and once
there you will find buried under a mob
of people because it's like 1 or 2
people here that also want heirloom
stuff you know it's just a couple and
basically you talk to him you can handle
quest and accept a quest that will
eventually result in you getting an
upgrade tokens which I will talk about
in a second but basically this is where
you find him if all you want to know is
where to find him then we are done but
moving on is a whole bunch of other
heirloom stuff that you need to go
through so anyway basically if you go
through and see how to price your goods
and everything that kinky but anyway he
will have a whole bunch of earring gear
and he will also have heirloom scabbards
and airlie have armor casings as well
and there's a college of heirloom gear
here of course and all four bunch of
gold now basically what happens is when
you buy a piece of gear like if I hover
over this one it goes up to level 60
you'll see the 60 in brackets that means
it goes up to level 60 and these casings
and scabbards are there to upgrade the
heirlooms so that it goes up higher so
like it'll go up so like 85 90 you know
100 and stuff like that so that's
basically what these armor casings of to
upgrade your armor and the scabbards are
to upgrade the weapons and you will see
that it upgrades 90 to 100 this
particular one
anyway once you've got all of those
things and you basically use them to
upgrade them then you're fully upgraded
and then moving on if you want to access
all of your awesome heirlooms you will
just open the collections tab which
looks like the little horse on your bar
over there open up the heirlooms tab and
they will be there however if you've
already bought heirlooms in the past
like you bought them as justice points
on appoints bla bla bla bla bla then you
make sure you log the characters that
have that gear on them and also if
you've got that gear in like banks and
stuff make sure that you take your
character to the bank to actually have a
look at them so that the game knows oh
cool you have them and then they should
appear in here you should get an
achievement for it as well but anyway so
once you've done that you will have a
whole bunch of ones that are in level 90
so basically you just have to upgrade
them once and then you will upgrade them
to level 100 which is pretty cool and
you will find all the different pages of
them keep in mind I think that there are
now more heirlooms seeing as they seem
to have added necklaces the main thing
about the necklace seems to be that they
can no useable so you can actually use
the necklace to get healed for just
because or to give you a heal basically
which could probably be useful while
leveling and they should scale up as
well so there you go that is how you go
and get all of your aerodromes stuff has
alliance i hope that you found this
video helpful and if you did then that
is fantastic and you should click that
like button like subscribe and sokka's
I'd like that thank you anyway have an
awesome time and go and enjoy your sweet
heirlooms get enough of them and may
even get a who meant see ya thanks for
watching and shower for now that's it
for this video I hope you enjoyed
watching and if you did then hit that
subscribe button for more videos you can
click the video windows on the right for
more videos by me and some people have
voiced a desire to support the channel
so if you want to do that and check out
patreon or g2a with the links below to
do so and all support is appreciated
now go forth and have an awesome day
ciao now